# Learning on layout.js and page.js

1.  In the page.jsx we have used style for the <br /> tag as <br className='max-md:hidden' />
    The class 'max-md:hidden' means the line break is not visible for larger devices but can only be visible
    mobile devices.

2.  In page.jsx, we have used a style for the <h1> tag as <h1 className='head_text text-center'>...
    The 'head*text' class means that this class is not derived from the tailwind css but is a custom class written
    by developer.
    Observe the difference with the '*' (underscore) and the '-' (hyphen/dash). Tailwind provided classes will have
    the '-' (dash). Where as to distinguish custom class and tailwind class we need to name our class with underscore.

3.  The imports are used as "import Feed from "@components/Feed";" This is the 'Import aliases' to make our lives easier.

4.  For authentication in Next Js we need to do the following :
    import {signIn, signOut, useSession, getProviders} from 'next-auth/react';

5.  For nav class we need to use 'flex-between' and for logo image in the nav bar we need to use class as 'object-contain'

6.  To get google credential we need to go to "console.cloud.google.com"

    - From here we need to create a new project
    - Click on the dropdown beside "Google Cloud" heading
    - Search for added project or click on "NEW PROJECT" to create a new.
    - Name the project and it will be created.
    - Select the newly created project and go to "Navigation Menu"
    - Select "APIs & Services" menu
    - Select "OAuth consent screen" sub-menu
    - Click on "Create"
    - Enter the App name.
    - Your email
    - Authorized domain [I tried with localhost:3000 but it didn't work - So I kept it blank]
    - Put again developer email address
    - Save and continue
    - Now go to "Credentials"
    - Click on "Create Credentials"
    - Select "OAuth Client ID"
    - Select Application Type as "Web application"
    - Set "Authorised Javascript origin" as "http://localhost:3000"
    - Set "Authorised Redirect URIs" as "http://localhost:3000"
    - Click on "Create"
    - After 5 minutes you will get the confirmation that "OAuth Client Created"
    - Download the JSON with "Client ID" and "Client Secret", which will be needed later.

7.  Every Next.JS route is a serverless route, which means they are lambda function and opens up only it gets called.

8.  Serverless lambda function ensures that the backend server is not kept always on and only start spinning
    if a request is made.

9.  Mongoose model and models:

    - The "models" object is provided by the Mongoose library and stores all the registered models.

    - If a model named "User" already exists in the "models" object,
      it assigns that existing model to the "User" variable.

    - This prevents redifining the model again and ensures that the existing model is reused.

    - If a model named "User" does not exist in the "models" object, the "model" function from Mongoose
      is called to create a new model.

    - The newly created model is then assigned to the "User" variable.

10. To create the NEXTAUTH_SECRET we need to go to

    - https://www.cryptool.org/
    - Go to "OpenSSL" section
    - Run the command "openssl rand -base64 32"
    - This would return a random string.
    - Just copy it and paste it in to the .env file

11. We may get the error "The top level await experiment is not enabled."

    - We need to modify our "next.config.js" to allow the experimental features.

12. We get an OAuth client error while sign In as "Access blocked. This app's request is invalid"

    - We also get an error message as "Error 400: Redirect URI mismatch"
    - To rectify the error we go to "google cloud console"
    - Open the APIs & Services section
    - Go to Web client under OAuth 2.0 client IDs
    - Edit the section
    - Add the URI, "http://localhost:3000/api/auth/callback/provider" in the "Authorised Redirect URIs" section.
    - Save

13. In VS code, holding the "Alt" key and "double clicking" any word, we can multi select words from different lines.

14. How to insert a space to a label text of a react form element.
    - We can do that by putting {" "} or {` `}. E.g to add a space after the text "Tag" we can do Tag {" "} / Tag {` `}
